In this lecture, we're going to create our next page objects class.
So if I go back to the website.
We are going to focus on the shipping method page and in order to access this page, we need to fill
in the mandatory fields with some dummy data.
So I'm going to simply type in a here, here.
I'm going to select the random state.
I'm to provide a zip code, which has to be five digits.
And you do not need to enter a phone number.
This checkbox, which is to use the address for invoice in two is ticked.
So now I'm going to select the continue button.
In doing so I'm then bought to ship in method page and you can see that is only free to select elements
on this page.
CheckBox TextBox and then continue button.
So as there's only one choice for shipping method, I'm not going to get a locator for this as it's
already pre-filled.
But I'm going to get a locator for the textbox and for the continue button.
So I'm going to go back to clips.
Right click the page objects package and select class.
And I'm going to give this class a name of order form shipping method.
And then click Finish.
So I'm not going to show you the code by hand as I've already written this, and you can simply download
it yourself from this lecture.
Or, as I've said previously, if you'd like to practice, try writing this code yourself.
So all I need to do is import the classes.
And then this is the class complete.
So I've simply got a locator here for the text area and a locator for the continue button.
Use the constructor and provide it to public methods.
Each of these return in the fields are written above.
So thanks for watching.
And now let's move on to our final page object class.